The actions and stunts you are about to see in this video were committed by fictional characters.
Please do not attempt if you are a real person.
Thank you.
[DESMOND]
"Help!"
[DEMONIC LAUGHTER]
"No!"
[DESMOND PANICS]
"Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!"
[CLAIRE]
"You can't run from us, silly boy!"
"I don't have any more chocolate, okay?"
"And now you must pay with your LIFE..."
"...and your VIRGINITY!"
"Well, I don't have either to give."
"But I'm not afraid to battle a true demon."
"Well then, have you met..."
"...my sister?"
[MAZEY]
Which way is that toilet bowl again?
[JAIME]
Damn it, cut!
Mazey, what the [KCUF]
are you doing in my shot?!
[CLAIRE]
I told you where the bathroom was
a MILLION times, Mazey!
Well, it's coming out.
[RIMMER]
We need thicker fog!
[THADDEUS]
Well, I'm gonna need a bigger vape!
That's fantastic.
Where is Elyse, everyone?
[CLAIRE]
She's out TikToking in the parking lot.
[JAIME]
OH, THAT FUCKING BITCH!
I TOLD HER I HAD ENOUGH OF THIS FUCKING MILLENNIAL BULLSHIT!
Yes, I did know that Jamie was going to be
abusive to the actors when I asked him to direct,
and, so far, yeah, he...
He has been.
But the parking lot is a public place,
and you just can't hit people in public.
[RIMMER]
Elyse, sweetheart, you're up. Let's go!
[ELYSE]
One sec, I'm almost done!
I don't wanna hear it!
Get your ass into...
Are you hitting yourself with a goddamn wrench?
It's the Wrench Challenge,
where you can see how hard you can take one!
Okay, first of all, that was weak.
Secondly, I need you on your [gnikcuf] mark,
or I'm dropping you from my class,
and I don't do refunds.
Do you want to be in this one with me?
I've been trying to break into
the viral community for years,
so I'm in no position to
turn down a trend while it's still hot.
There's no such thing
as the Wrench Challenge.
I just love seeing what
other people will do for views...
and then I don't feel so alone.
I thought I'd be working with other trained actors.
Instead, I got these morons.
OW, FUCK! I- I'M NOT PLAYING!
[OPENING THEME]
♬ Give me a camera to flirt with ♬
♬ An Oscar, I deserve it ♬
♬ The lights, ♬
♬ the fame, ♬
♬ the press, ♬
♬ this game, ♬
♬ I play it every day! ♬
[MAZEY]
"Will I ever see my son again?"
[RHODA]
"I'll tell you what's up
if ya pay me five bucks."
[JAIME]
No, don't look at the camera, and please,
STICK TO THE SCRIPT!
But I want my character to get paid!
No, Madame Minurva was not
in the original screenplay.
It was a little creative liberty
I took with the script.
Just a way to help her feel included,
'cause she's letting us use the building for free.
Of course, none of this is making its way
into the final cut of my movie.
"Yeah, and give me your [gnikcuf] wallet too!"
[RIMMER]
All right, good, that's awesome, that's great.
Put the gun down.
Let's move on to our next scene,
where the demons are having an "anal fit"...
...sorry, an "annual fit".
Sure, I've been suspicious of my husband.
But what man doesn't have
a little pep in his step?
A little prance when he pees?
Sure, he might be a little curious...
(STRANGER)
HEY! GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!
(RICKY)
Oh well, I'm just curious!
Hell, even I'm a little curious...
...curious if my husband suck dick.
[THADDEUS]
"I want to help you find your son, ma'am,
but you need to be more specific."
[MAZEY]
"What part of 'young, brilliant, and stunning'
doesn't compute for you, officer?"
"I've shown you what he looks like.
Now get out there and find him!"
[JAIME]
No, cut!
I- I think this guy needs rehab!
[KADEN]
Ughhhh, I have a name, dick!
I- I always thought it was "Kaden".
Ughhhh, I need a toilet.
I've got Tums in my purse!
[THADDEUS]
OH SHIT!
[JAIME]
GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER!
Kaden's always been messier than my enemas,
but lately, he just sucks.
And he keeps chugging from
this bottle labeled "Gatoraid".
No, I'm not doing good.
I've never felt this feeling before.
I think it's called "guilt".
I've been taking bribes all last week from Mr. Ball
to not tell Alex he's doing this all for nothing.
(KADEN)
You're a piece of shit, you know that?
I- I can't even look him in the eyes
knowing his dreams won't be coming true.
(RIMMER)
When those Balls give me my career,
I'm gonna give you a better life,
and you'll never have to drink "Gatoraid" again.
[RIMMER]
Fuck it, I'll film this thing myself.
Are you guys ready?
[ELYSE]
Wait, what scene are we doing?
I don't know.
BELOW LINES ARE FOR OTHER LANGUAGES
[LINDA (SQUEALING)]
Oh my God, I told you we had the right place!
Oh my God! Lindy! Shafty!
Come over here and give your Rimmer a hug!
[LINDA]
Oh my gosh, thank you!
[SHAFT]
Selfie! Selfie! Selfie!
Uh, hi?
I'm so sorry, we're- we're just really big fans of Elyse.
Okay, hold on.
We make videos too!
Shut up, you're making us look stupid!
How did you find us here?
The Wrench Challenge video, you dummy!
[SHAFT]
The street signs were behind you!
[JAIME]
God damn it, we doxxed ourselves!
No, you started a freaking revolution!
Everyone is wrenching now!
As soon as we saw your address,
we just had to drive out here for some selfies!
Can we take more?
Of course!
Oh, thank you!
[CLAIRE]
Hi, yeah, we're in the middle of a scene here!
And she isn't that special.
You finally have a queer person
in one of your classes!
Now that your address is leaked, I'm surprised
the support group isn't here to skin you!
Hold on, what support group?
Oh [tihs], you don't know!
Well, it's a group of women that connect every week
over how much they hate you.
That's impossible, no one would hate me!
Well most of them are former students...
...and your ex-girlfriend.
[RIMMER]
Wait, Carol? I thought we ended on good terms.
Maybe, but she said, "Alex [gnikcuf] blows,
and I wish I never sat on his face."
Wait, hold on, time out,
You're a part of this group too, Linda?!
Well, I'm sorry it's hard for me to make friends.
Whose idea was it to throw this group together?
Whose do you think?
(KAREN)
Thank you for being here, ladies.
This classroom that I
may have bribed a teacher for
is a safe space for all of us who endured
the consequences of Alex Rimmer's abuse.
(CICI)
Consequences?! Bitch, you're
the only one of us who got out of here rich.
...and in a wheelchair.
(MARLENA)
Oh, boohoo! The only thing
worse than a wheelchair is a child!
(LYLE)
Fuck you, Mom! I don't even wanna be here.
Then go home!
I meant alive!
(CAROL)
Ladies, this is what Alex wants:
us turning on each other.
After my breakdown from dating Alex, I had a realization:
I could help others online find inner peace too.
"The only person who needs to like you..."
"...is yourself."
(CAROL)
But seriously, Karen.
Nobody likes you.
Eat my wheels, Carol.
I would, but then we'd be stuck with you.
(COLLECTIVE JEERS)
(LINDA)
Remember when her mom died?
That was good!
I remember those cookies that she put all of that work into
just for them to taste like ass!
I don't even know Karen, but I know she sucks!
Look at her go!
Oh, they did taste like ass!
[DESMOND]
Yeah, they sounded pretty gross.
[JAIME]
SHUT UP DESMOND, YOU WEREN'T THERE!
okay...
[CLAIRE]
Fuck this.
Do you wanna run lines?
[RIMMER (IN BACKGROUND)]
That's good, yeah!
[DESMOND]
Yeah. I'd like that.
[RIMMER (IN BACKGROUND)]
That's a lot of views!
[HONKING]
[KADEN]
What happened to being inconspicuous?
[VICTOR BALL]
We are. For all they know,
I'm just a guy delivering pizzas.
Now, tell me you'll have
this piece of shit finished in a week.
You're asking me to betray
the only people who actually care about me,
and I can't keep my mouth shut anymore.
[LILLIAN BALL]
Oh, you can't?
Okay, I probably can't
keep my mouth shut anymore.
I'll keep my mouth shut,
but I won't feel good about it.
Does this sweeten the pot?
...for now.
But fuck you and fuck those.
[JAIME]
God damn it, Kaden!
Who the hell are you talking to?
Oh shit!
[KADEN STAMMERS]
I ordered some pizza.
Okay, well, we need you back on set!
I'll- I'll be right there!
Oh yeah, will you,
YOU WASTED FUCKING FATASS?!
[VICTOR BALL (IN SHITTY ACCENT)]
That's a two pizza pies for Mr. Kaven.
It's "Kaden".
'Ey, you breakin' my balls here!
[LILLIAN BALL (IN SHITTY ACCENT)]
You want some Parmesan cheese with that?
[DESMOND]
"There must be something else
I can offer other than chocolate!"
[CLAIRE]
"Your semen!"
"My semen is my own!"
"You'll never make me ejaculate!"
Try it darker.
I got chills.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
[FRANK]
Hey, Claire?
WHAT, FRANK?!
WE'RE REHEARSING!
...you got a letter from "Las Pussie-tas" College.
Las Positas?! Give me that!
Give it to her, asshole!
I already did! :(
Los Positas College is
the greatest acting college in Arizona.
They're offering me an internship
after seeing me get hit with a wrench.
"OW, FUCK! I'M NOT PLAYING!"
They said my acting was "brilliant"...
...the only FUCKING time I wasn't acting.
I did some Internet, and found out
that this anti-me group
goes by the name "Women
Against Rimmin", and, get this:
Those charlatans still meet to this day.
[CAROL]
...very good, ladies.
What else blows about him?
[MARLENA]
He ruins people's lives.
[CICI]
And he's ugly.
Good one.
[MS. TEACHER]
Excuse me, ladies.
How much longer will you be needing this room?
I told you, when we're done, we're done.
It's just that we've got twelve kids
out there waiting to start their day.
Let them wait.
Children can't perceive time.
Well, I can, and it's been 3 hours.
[RIMMER]
Wow, 3 hours of talking shit about me?!
Oh my [gnikcuf] God.
I thought I smelled beef.
Oh well bitch, I still like tacos.
We need the room, please.
It's okay, I'm a teacher too.
Now, what are we hens talking about?
You know what we're talking about,
and you really piss me off.
Oh, you really got me there, didn't you?
[DESMOND]
So what if you weren't acting?
They liked you and you got in,
so that's all that matters.
[CLAIRE]
They liked a reaction, not acting.
What if I get there,
and I'm not what they saw?
They'd be lucky to have the Claire I know.
What about you?
What do you have planned
after the class is done?
I'm probably gonna be gone
before the class is done.
Grandma and I had a...
not-so-fun visit to the doctor yesterday.
Turns out, she only has
[DOCTOR PLAN]
"One week."
...after she's gone, there's not much reason
for me to stick around anymore.
Come with me.
What?
After your grandma passes,
we can... split the tuition fee,
and finally be in
a real acting class together.
I, uh...
That sounds incredible.
[FRANK]
It is incredible! :D
'Cause that means there
would finally be a spot for me!
DESMOND: GET THE FUCK OUT, YOU PIECE OF SHIT! GO! GO!
CLAIRE: GET THE FUCK OUT, FRANK! GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE, YOU SLIMY LITTLE PRICK!
[RIMMER]
Ladies, I am here to tell you that I am not
the same Alex Rimmer you know and hate.
I'm a changed man now.
[MARLENA]
Changed how?
In all the ways.
[CAROL]
I prefer when you were fat.
And a man.
[CICI]
Do you seriously expect us to forget
all of the shit you put us through?
[CICI]
You ruined theater for me.
It was the only passion I had,
and I've been waiting tables ever since.
(CICI)
I FUCKING HATE WORKING HERE!
[RIMMER]
What about you, Marlena?
If you never took my class,
then you would have never pushed
this beautiful kid of yours out of your front butt.
[MARLENA]
Suck my [kcid]! You know my kid's a piece of shit!
[CICI]
Well, I wonder why.
(MARLENA)
Oh, you made me drop my cigarette!
And that is why you are fucked in the head.
[LYLE]
Mom?
Okay, well, I had nothing to do with that.
Kids are just trash in general anyway.
[MS. TEACHER]
Not my kids!
We need the room NOW.
Bitch, leave!
Fantastic!
I'm gonna wipe my ass on the furniture.
[RIMMER]
What about you, Carol?
All the good times we had together,
and this is what you have to take away from it.
[CAROL]
You have a faulty memory of what we were, Alex.
Do you remember the last thing I said to you?
(RIMMER)
Wait!
Wait! Wait!
Dean Sears!
I love you.
And I'm not gonna let you leave this bus stop.
(CAROL)
The [kcuf] is wrong with you, Alex?
My name is Carol!
The title "Dean" shriveled up
with my period a week ago!
You're not my type, Alex.
You're not anyone's type.
You're a disgusting piece of [tihs].
Yes, but I have money.
Then buy a haircut.
Goodbye, Alex.
Goodbye, Carol.
[CAROL]
You're a terrible person, Alex.
And you will always be a terrible person.
I'm sorry.
[CICI]
GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE!
[MARLENA]
GET A HAIRCUT!
[CICI]
FUCK YOU, ALEX!
YOU RUINED MY LIFE, YOU ASSHOLE!
[LYLE]
WE HATE YOU!
[FERAL SCREAMS FROM CAROL]
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
You can't make everyone like you.
That's just show business.
The critics are always gonna let you down,
even if you thought you knew who they were.
That's why it's lonely in L.A.
'Cause out here, the only one
you can trust to make yourself happy...
...is you.
But if I don't get this movie made,
I don't even know if I could trust myself to do that.
[RHODA]
Everyone went home.
[RIMMER]
What are you still doing here?
Waiting for my husband who
went to go take a dump...
...an hour ago.
Yeah, Jamie's the kind of queer
most religions are right about, and y'know what?
So what if he comes out as gay? right?
You're better than him.
You're better than this stupid movie.
You're giving people a place
where their dreams can come true, Rhoda.
I know you're not gonna use my scenes, but...
No, not necessarily.
...I just need you to know,
despite all the bullshit with my husband,
acting in your class is the most fun
I've had since puberty.
Thank you.
I wish I was as good as
the type of person you're describing.
You're giving me and those gay kids an escape
from our shitty lives with that project.
You may not be the good type, but you're my type.
And that counts for something.
[LOUD RINGTONE]
GODDAMMIT!
WHAT!?
...uh-huh, okay. Linda, slow down.
...listen. Linda! Linda, I need you to calm down,
and tell me what hospital he's at.
[LINDA]
Oh Lord, thank you for coming!
[RIMMER]
Where is he?
He's the last door on the left.
What happened to him?
We were getting ready to head back home,
and then he turned to me and said,
"Let me spill some urine before we hit the road!"
So I said "whatever", and then I started to doze off.
and the next thing you know...
He's not back from his spill!
So I went to investigate.
(LINDA)
Hello?
I found something truly horrific.
(LINDA)
Hello?
Shafty?
Oh, come on boys, don't take this long to pee. Hello?
AAAAAAAAAAGHHHH!
[LINDA]
...someone attacked him with this wrench.
Wait, that is evidence-wait,
did you even call the cops?!
I should have...
[SHAFTY MUMBLES]
Oh my God, Mr. Shaft?
Mr. Shaft? He's waking up!
RIMMER: Oh my God!
LINDA: Shafty!
[SHAFTY]
...fuck out of here!
Mr. Shaft, who did this to you?
It was one of your [gnikcuf] students...
Which one?
[FAST BEEPING]
RIMMER: Mr. Shaft?
LINDA: NOOO!
RIMMER: MR. SHAFT?
LINDA: NO, SHAFTY!
NURSE!!!!!!!!!
[DESMOND]
'Night, Grandma.
[MAZEY]
Good night, sweetheart.
Did you take your medications?
I don't think my medications
are gonna matter much more, Grandma.
...well, guess the cat's out of the bag now.
Grandma's gonna be fine.
It's, um...
...me who's not gonna be here next week.
Just don't tell the others.
Especially Claire.
CLASS ACTS: EPISODE FIVE ("Theater? I Hardly Knew Her!") | A TV30 PRESENTATION | EN-US SUBTITLES
ORIGINAL SUBTITLES BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
PUNCTUATION,TWEAKS, REVISIONS, ADDT'L SYNCING BY ERYMANTHUS | U/RAYDEEUX (https://github.com/raydeeux)
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? https://github.com/raydeeux/hotbananastud-fansubs
SUBTITLES EDITED USING VISUAL STUDIO CODE AND ZARCHIVER
SUBTITLES TESTED ON VLC MEDIA PLAYER FOR WINDOWS 10, MACOS SONOMA, AND ANDROID 13
ORIGINAL CHARCTERS BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
ORIGINAL VIDEO: https://youtube.com/embed/4XUlfHpA3p8
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER THE TERMS OF THE OPEN DATABASE LICENSE:
http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY, SEE BELOW:
https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/